Update README (#251)
SIMPLE-AstroDB/SIMPLE-db: README.md

    ```bash
     pip install git+https://github.com/dr-rodriguez/AstrodbKit2
     ```
   

> 4. Create to the database and import the simple schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create an empty database and import the SIMPLE schema
```

      
   ```python
   from astrodbkit2.astrodb import create_database
   from simple.schema import *
   
   connection_string = 'sqlite:///SIMPLE.db' # connection string for a SQLite database named SIMPLE.db
   create_database(connection_string)
   ```

> 5. Connect to the database file `SIMPLE.db` as a Database object called `db`

Reviewer: Combine with Step 4.
